Add new survey templates (#981)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/guides_and_surveys/en/survey-overview.md

| NPS           | Capture customer satisfaction and loyalty by measuring the likelihood of that user recommending your product or feature. |
| User feedback | Define your own questions to collect detailed input from your users.                                                     |
| Rating        | Gather initial reactions to help you evaluate product experiences.                                                       |
| Carousel <br/> {.tag .mobile .zero} | Highlight your app's key features with a swipe-able onboarding carousel.                           |

> | Banner Survey        | Any custom survey experiences with the Banner formfactor                                                          |

Author: ```suggestion
| Banner Survey        | Any custom survey experiences with the Banner form factor                                                          |
```

> | Tooltip Survey        | Any custom survey experiences with the Banner formfactor                                                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| Tooltip Survey        | Any custom survey experiences with the Tooltip form factor                                                         |
```
